welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to step
outside the normal tropes of the genre
and take a peek at how the sausage gets
made with the cabin in the woods
to learn more about adequately
pre-screening your airbnb subscribe to
the channel let's get to it
we open on a credit sequence depicting
various blood rituals throughout history
and then we settle into a calm office
where a couple of middle management
types talk about their personal lives
before being interrupted by an eager
young go-getter
through the conversation we learned
they're part of a larger multinational
organization
coordinating some sort of worldwide
events then we transition to a college
gal packing for a trip in her underwear
in front of a large
street-facing window as girls do daniel
and jewels have a little girl talk about
their weekend excursion plans before
kurt busts in to football it up with
holden kurt then takes a moment to
provide a thoughtful book recommendation
to dana demonstrating that he's an
intellectual meat head
then marty rolls up ripping the [ __ ] out
of his giant collapsible bong
they all load up in kurt's dad's rv and
drive in the general direction of kurt's
cousin's cabin and we get the sense that
they're being observed
back at the office we get even more
confirmation that despite citizen and
hadley's appearance
the pair are not mere plunger
salespersons as their working space
requires a fairly significant security
clearance
meanwhile the gang finds a run-down
service station with a sinister
proprietor who doesn't take too kindly
to folks trying to purchase his gasoline
but he does go ahead and top them off
and provide some directions to their
destination with vaguely threatening
insinuations
they end up concluding their interaction
with a good old redneck sas off before
heading out
as they proceed through the final tunnel
along the way we see evidence of some
strange natural phenomena in the area
when they arrive they find the cabin
more quaint than they expected but
it is bigger inside than it looks also
it's not
too filthy and the art selections are
playfully evocative
holden discovers this work to be
covering a room-to-room one-way mirror
and he quickly
falls in love upon revealing this to the
group they search for other
architectural curiosities
and holden offers in good faith to
switch rooms so he can show off his dick
which he promptly does
because the first thing one does after a
long trip is change clothes
we all know that as dana covers the
massive peephole we pan back to see
video feeds of all the rooms
the control station is bustling with
activity accounting for the room swap
pumping in drugs to increase libido and
dull mental acuity among other things
we also see the local nut job is on
their payroll and they delight in
putting him on speakerphone and giggling
in his absurd eschatological ramblings
continuing to build this out as the
youngsters engage in water activities we
see their vitals are being monitored
also the office has a betting pool
developing about what fresh horrors
await our unexpecting friends
they can bet because despite the
circumstantial contrivances
there is randomness built into this
unspecified yearly events the choices
they make put them in the scenario and
determine the outcome
of something that evening the party
kicks off right with a game of truth or
dare
jules has dared to make out with a
wolf's head and she really sells it
creating a whole scenario that plays out
and really invigorates several of my
latent kinks
when it's dana's turn before she can
choose the seller pops its top so her
dare immediately becomes going down in
there
she finds some strange items so they all
join her and examine the museum of
creepy curiosities
as they all diddle the items that speak
to their natural curiosity dana picks up
and starts reading an old journal
it recounts the horrible travails of the
buckner family i prayed that she might
find faith but she only stopped when
papa cut her belly and stuffed the coals
in
and despite the dark implications she
goes ahead and reads the latin
incantations at the end this completes
the interaction and summons the family
from the soft earth outside
back at the office the winner is
announced and the control room then
settles so they can focus on ensuring
the rest of the evening goes off without
a hitch but also we learn hadley is sad
that he has once again been denied the
opportunity to witness the magnificence
of the merman
we see the libido gas kicking in his
jewels gyrates for their pleasure
and backs it up for a real one so the
horned dogs venture into the woods as
martia's spouse is a conspiratorial
hypothesis
everyone seems to be acting strangely
and he suspects nefarious forces at play
here
although his affinity for smoking that
devil's lettuce undermines his
credibility
out in the woods we see jules isn't
quite in the mood yet much to the
disappointment of the whole horny office
so they start fiddling with variables to
try to get them going explaining to the
new guy how it's important for the
vapids to bone down because this follows
a sequence that is necessary to appease
those who watch
once the requirement is fulfilled the
buckners may now cut in
and kurt is sluggish from the drugs and
unable to save jewels so
after a little prayer to the great and
awful ones eternal slumber they send
some sacrificial blood to an unknown
location
deep within the earth marty then follows
the instructions of a whisper in the
dark and heads outside he is disturbed
to find a starless night sky
making him feel utterly alone but he
can't ponder this long as a bloodied
curt drags him inside and explains what
happened to jules in the woods
dana refuses to leave without her but mr
buckner helps her change her mind to
ensure poor decision-making at this
critical moment they bump up the drug
steam
causing the group to split up and get
locked in their rooms here marty
stumbles across a surveillance device
now threatening to step through the
looking glass
but jude saves the day by pulling marty
out of the window and troweling his back
before dragging him off
holden breaks the mirror to help dana
and they relate to kurt their intent to
escape into the basement before hopping
in and finding themselves in the black
room where the buckner family was
slaughtered holden is almost lost when
he catches a meat hook between the ribs
but dana stabs their assailant into
temporary submission before kurt finds
them and they flee to the rv
meanwhile in japan we see a group of
schoolgirls handling their business and
relegating an evil spirit into the body
of a frog with every other location
across the world now having failed their
ritual
it's incumbent on the us branch to pull
off a successful sacrifice to prevent
the ancients from rising
unfortunately demo had a glitch and the
tunnel remains unblown
requiring manual intervention to finish
the job recognizing they have little
hope to escape
kurt resolves to hop his dirt bike over
the crevasse to go for help so he gives
a rousing speech gets his speed up and
flies and he makes it
straight to the bottom like a barney as
they head back dana recognizes this is
all contrived but doesn't get much
further in her thought process
before papa buckner shows up and she
finds herself all alone in the bottom of
the lake
at the control center they celebrate a
job well done with the sequence
finalized and the gods appeased the
virgin may now live or die
so long as she suffered so they break
out the sham to celebrate they all get
to survive
another year but they're interrupted by
the red phone which is never good
and they learned that the sacrifice
didn't take as we see marty still alive
coming to dana's rescue he leads her off
where we learn he got a little bit of a
view of the behind the scenes action as
his attacker dragged him back to a
strange elevator where he then
dismembered her with no other options
they hop into the safety
of the monster elevator and utilize a
maintenance override to get it to travel
as it does they're taken on a tour of
all the heinous crap they could have
potentially been confronted by
as the vast scope of the operation
unfolds they realize the horrors that
have befallen them are related to the
artifacts chosen in the basement
and the possibilities were nearly
endless their pod is located and brought
back to the elevator with instructions
to kill the stoner first to maintain
order but the buckner arm gives them a
pathway out and
after getting pinned down in the control
room they initiate the scorched earth
protocol
opening all the elevators at once this
results in an unimaginable bloodbath
with horrible creatures of
every variety now free and roaming the
hallways pretty much a nightmare
scenario
marty and dana try to find a path that's
not actively exploding
heading further down and in but it's not
all bad
somewhere a unicorn takes its revenge
for humans driving its kind of
extinction and also hadley finally gets
a chance to see his merman in action
fulfilling what we now clearly recognize
to be his final wish
citizen then makes it into the hallway
but runs right into dana's trowel all he
asks in repayment for his accidental
disbalance is that she kill marty
she and marty then descend to the lower
chamber where the blood of the
sacrificial lambs keep the ancient ones
at bay
the director makes a visit to try to
rectify things explaining again that
while this all seems harsh
one of them dying saves everyone else in
the world so it's an easy choice
but fate does not shine favorably upon
them when the wolf man as
always gets up in someone else's biz
tearing dana to shreds
and then little baby buckner helps her
pal marty now resigned to the
consequences of their selfishness
marty and dana papa squad and in an
effort to avoid going to bed angry they
get in their final apologies and
goodbyes before the official
end of the world which they witness
firsthand as the gods pick apart
all we've built
just note that i have a website set up
where you can support the channel
through donations or merch
i'd like to take a moment to give a huge
thanks to my donors memorialized in the
hall of head shots
[Music]
what more needs to be said about cabin
in the woods not much
it has a good balance of all the
necessary elements of a great horror
film and is exciting throughout which is
why it seems to be so highly regarded
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching